Create access-your-log-data-programmatically.md (#8918)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/_index.md

---

{{< whatsnext desc="" >}}

>     {{< nextlink href="logs/guide/getting-started-lwl" >}}Programmatically access log data using the Logs Search API{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer: wrong link.

Reviewer 2: 🙏 TY!

>     {{< nextlink href="logs/guide/getting-started-lwl" >}}Programmatically access log data using the Logs Search API{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="logs/guide/access-your-log-data-programmatically" >}}Programmatically access log data using the Logs Search API{{< /nextlink >}}
```
